ENGDOCS-744 Compose Install Fixes (#14892)
docker/docker.github.io: compose/install/uninstall.md

---
description: How to uninstall Docker Compose
keywords: compose, orchestration, uninstall, uninstallation, docker, documentation

title: Uninstall Docker Compose
---

### Uninstalling Docker Desktop

> If you want to uninstall Compose and you have installed Docker Desktop, follow the corresponding link bellow to get instructions on how to remove Docker Desktop. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To uninstall Compose installed through Docker Desktop, follow the corresponding link bellow to get instructions on how to uninstall Docker Desktop. 
```

> > Please note that, unless you have other Docker instances installed in that specific environment, you would be removing Docker altogether by uninstalling the Desktop.

Reviewer: Can we format this as a Note?

> See Uninstall Docker Desktop for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To uninstall Docker Desktop, refer to the following topics for OS-specific instructions:
```

* [Mac](../../desktop/mac/install.md/#uninstall-docker-desktop){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}
* [Windows](../../desktop/windows/install.md/#uninstall-docker-desktop){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}
* [Linux](../../desktop/linux/install.md/#uninstall-docker-desktop){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}

> ### Uninstalling Compose CLI plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Uninstalling the Compose CLI plugin
```

To remove the Compose CLI plugin, run:

```console
$ sudo apt-get remove docker-compose-plugin
```

> Or, if using a different distro, use the equivalent package manager instruction to remove `docker-compose-plugin`. 

Reviewer: Add a blank line above

__Manually installed__

> If you used `curl` to install Compose CLI plugin, to uninstall it run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you previously used `curl` to install the Compose CLI plugin, to uninstall Docker Compose, run:
```

```console
$ rm $DOCKER_CONFIG/cli-plugins/docker-compose
```
    
or, if you have installed Compose for all users, run:  

```console
$ rm /usr/local/lib/docker/cli-plugins/docker-compose
```

You can also use:

{% raw %}	
```console

> docker info --format '{{range .ClientInfo.Plugins}}{{if eq .Name "compose"}}{{.Path}}{{end}}{{end}}'

Reviewer 2: Adding a shell prompt probably improves the colored markdown.

```suggestion
$ docker info --format '{{range .ClientInfo.Plugins}}{{if eq .Name "compose"}}{{.Path}}{{end}}{{end}}'
```

```
{% endraw %}

> to inspect the location of the Compose CLI plugin.

Reviewer: This looks like a dangling sentence. Can we combine it with the sentence above the code

> > Got a "Permission denied" error?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Got a **Permission denied** error?
```

>

> > If you get a "Permission denied" error using either of the above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you get a **Permission denied** error using either of the above
```
